now at least 16 Palestinians have been
killed by Israeli air strikes on Khan
yunes in southern Gaza many others too
were wounded in that attack that
targeted the Eastern parts of the city
it comes after Israeli forces ordered
displaced Palestinians to immediately
evacuate to alasi but that so-called
designated safe Zone itself has come
under repeated attacks at least 90
displaced Palestinians were killed by
Israeli strikes there last week well
let's get the latest from hodar She's
andl Bala in central Gaza Forest hind I
understand people were given less than
an hour's notice to leave from K
yunas well in less than an hour at least
14 Palestinians including sick children
were killed they thre leaflet started
shelling with their artillery shelling
people started uh evacuating Under Fire
but people did not even have the time to
evacuate they were killed we're talking
about the Eastern parts of kenun where
the Israeli forces are asking people to
move west but uh they did not have this
time where the Israeli forces have been
extensively intensively uh targeting the
Eastern parts of cunes uh according to
alasar hospital the only operating
Hospital in kanun they're calling for
blood donations due to the huge amount
of injuries uh that was received into Al
hospital and let me mention that this is
the only op operating Hospital working
in RAF and in kenun well Palestinians
don't have any place to go they recently
went back to kanun to the Eastern Parts
after the Israeli withdrew from that
area after months of a ground Invasion
and also last week there there was an
attack on the Eastern parts of kanun in
alasi so people went to the eastern part
so people feel that they're like the
Israelis are playing with them a chess
game where they're moving them from a
place to one another and no place is
safe H you say nowhere is safe where are
people supposed to go after what's been
happening in alasi especially as we see
more and more un facilities being
targeted
too people don't have anywhere to go so
they go to alasi alasi is being targeted
they go to
theah is being targeted where the
Israeli forces targeted a
house a couple of minutes ago and two
Palestinian were killed and dozens of
Palestinians were injured and
transferred to the hospital they're
going toat also in the middle area but
it has been under uh fire for the past
week where there has been a couple of
targets on Palestinian houses so people
do not know where to go they're trapped
between kenun and the middle area and
both areas are also targeted ra is on uh
is in a a ground operation by the
Israeli forces no one is allowed to move
uh to to after waza which separates the
Northern parts with the South parts so
Palestinians are left helpless not
knowing where to go and they totally
believe that there's no place safe all
across the Gaza STP H kodari they're
reporting for us from der Bala in
central Gaza thank you
H make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer